I think we are going to learn some theory.

### 1 - Sql Relation, One to One Relationship
before learning mongo relations, let's learn these.
one to one via foreign keys.
if P.key of one table is present in another table as a foreign key, then it is called one to one relation.
it's interrelated connection between 2 tables. 

### 2 - Sql Relation, One to Many Relationship
one can connect to even 1M records.
like 1 posts having 1M comments.
1 channel can have muntiple videos.
one related to many. 
one customer can have multiple orders.

this concept is called cardinality.
1x1 - one to one relationship.
1xn - one to many relationship.
nxn - many to many relationship.

### 3  - Many to Many Relation
Discord Channels Groups. 
it doesn't need to be in millions of records.
just 1 student can learn multiple subjects and 1 subject can have record of multiple students.

try to see from 1 point connecting to many, and same point from another side connecting to many.

### 4 - How 1xN is implemented in Mongo
see we have 3 methods to do this, 
1. embedding
2. referencing
3. denormalization

one to few - directly embedding and saving Complete Value into parent document.
one to many - referencing and saving into parent document.
one to extremely many - denormalization and saving into parent document.

### 5 - one to few code

const userSchema = new Schema({
    name: String,
    address: [
        {
            street: String,
            city: String,
            state: String,
            zip: String
        },
    ], 
})


### 6 - one to many code
first we should have order schema, 
then we can have customer schema, 
and in customer schema, we can have orders array, 
which will have order id's.

const orderSchema = new Schema({
    name: String,
    price: Number
}); 

const customerOrder = new Schema({
    name: String,
    orders: [
        {
            type: mongoose.Schema.Types.ObjectId,
            ref: 'Order'
        },
    ], 
})

const Order = mongoose.model("Order", orderSchema);
const CustomerOrder = mongoose.model("CustomerOrder", customerOrder);


order schema is referenced so that it will look at where to look for those id. 
when we want to put antyhing in orders we do this:
let order1 = await Order.findOne({name: "samosa"});
cus1.orders.push(order1);
cus1.save();
but we should have pushed data in orders array before runnign this. 

### 8 - one to millions.
when we have millions of records, we record parents into child document.
so that each post can have reference of users who have commented on that post.
cause look, 
if each users is connected to each post, then we will have millions of records.
database will be very slow and large. 

millions of user can like so many same posts and saving same data in every other user db is inefficient and bulky.
so each post will have array of users who have liked that post.


### 9 - rules we have for mongodb. 
i m not learnign this cause i wanna learn postgresql.