let's build this shit then move on to next phase. i can't skip fundamental rather building blocks. i get it it has combination of all other things i learnd but no this is important. 

I MADARA, DECLARE THIS IS IMPORTANT TO STUDY.

so i m doing it. 

### 2 - Listing Model (i will put summarized info here)
we creating 'Listing', meaning list of places for this project. model ko list.
created model folder cause future ma more models will go here. 
route defined using async function in route itself by async(req,res). 
then debugged and changed bug to 'module.exports'
then we saved into database, i verified using mongodb compass. 

### 4 - Initialize Database
created init folder that has everything that initializes whole setup, 
like reseeding whole database. 
generated data from gpt.

### 5 - Index Route
we will be creating a routes by using get request to '/listing', this will give us all routes or something. 
/listing/:id use garera paxi chai listing details.

Why This Happens

What you wrote	            What Express looks for
"/listings/index.ejs"	    F:\views\listings\index.ejs ❌ (treats as absolute path)
"listings/index"	        F:\Projects\...\views\listings\index.ejs ✅ (relative to views dir)

When you start with /, Express thinks it's an absolute path from your drive root, not relative to your views folder.

[note]: She is trying small changes then checking then moving on to next steps. i think if she 100% sure then only she moving on to next phase. 


### 7 - create new route
OK NEW INFORMATION.
the routes that we create on app, searched based on the order of how code is written. it seems
put get.('/listings/new') above get.('/listings/:id') 
or if 'id' one is above then new is regarded as some id, new goes as variable value in id 
so place route '/new' above '/:id'

### 8 - Edit and Update Route
it seems we need to create 2 routes for some reason. 
ohh, first edit button bate GET request to form. 
after form submitted, PUT request to id. 

