I m  going to copy and paste code without thinking too much if i think it's not important.
but if i think it's necessary and i need it in future then i m going all in, Deeper than sunk titanic, deeper than how much i like to go. I know.


### 1 - Styling Started
creating boilerplate after downloading new package called 'ejs-mate'
navbar bare introductions which usually stays in includes/partials folder, while we have in layouts here. 

we serve static files in public folder. those containing images, css, js logics. idk what else is it's functionality.
we did put style.css in that folder. 

### 2 - navbar.
we added bootstrap links and whole fonts and style changed to default, that was different one. 
we copied default navbar code from bootstrap website.
we could put navbar code in boilerplate itself but we decided to put it in includes/navbar.ejs file.
just putting 'sticky-top' in navbar classes makes it not move along whole body.
then it gave transparent but changed css to bkg-color white. 


### 3 - footer
so many css stuff i skipped and i dont care that much i think
if i struggle at tailwind then i will look at the things that i need to master fundamentals for.

### 4 - Ok New Plan
It seems i m doing same mistake i was doing back then. "Wanting Results Now and Rushing Everything....I got rewarded Praised for results, having so called potential for getting results.." 
Let me Chill and I FOCUS on My Own TERMS.
second thing is: "Imagine the capabilities while training to Shift Focus and Feel"

not like rabbit, going all in then burning out and leaving. rather like tortoise, Focused and Consistency for Longer while Distractions can't even Touch you.

### 4 - Styling Index Page
what we did:
created card from bootstrap. changed some things used some css
tried to use google fonts with .body vitra fonts while script link in html boilerplate but i didn't do this one. 

we put whole card inside anchor tag so when we click anywhere it takes to view page. 

I FUCKING HATE CSSSSSSS. FUCK YOU. I m going to just use tailwind cause this is too stupid. i hate this shit.

I don't even have any idea when i put this line """            <% for(let listing of allListings) { %>
""" outside the div box whole CSS GETS CHANGEDDDDD. WHOLE FUCKIN CSS Whole Page Breaks. 

### 5 - HEHEHHAHAHA
fuck no bro. i m not styling new post adding page. i m skipping this shit. 


### 6 - Edit Post styling
fuck no.

### 7 - Show page styling
you are series righ neow 

### NEXT PHASE
MIDDLEWAREEE. i wanted to learn these concepts. Let's Move on. i don't care about this shit. 

