so the main concpet i learned from here is: "VALIDATION" for important steps than manually checking in website. 

### 1 - Handling Deletion
when user account is deleted then post related those users must also be deleted.
this is where complex concepts comes to place. 

we have mongoose middlewares, exactly same concepts as express middlewares.
2 of middleware:
pre-run before query is executed
post-run after query is executed.

there are so many types of middlewares. documents ko lagi, query ko lagi, etc.
nothign bro.


### 2 - Mongoose Middlewares
we going to documentations.
when we call findByIdandDelete calls FindOneAndDelete Middleware.
we use .pre and .post method 

`for each order in OrdersCollection:
    if customer.orders includes order._id:
        delete this order
`
this is:
`{ $in: customer.orders }`

include keyword works such as:
[1, 2, 3].includes(2) → true
[1, 2, 3].includes(5) → false

list.includes(value/variable)


### 3 - Creating Review Model
each listing can have multiple reviews. so it's one to many. 

we changed listingSchema and added this new review stuff.

### 4 - CreatingReview (Not Implemented)
creating form for reviews to be added. 


### 5 - next step is route stuff
post /listings/:id/reviews

we need to know reviews to be linked with this id so, little bit concepts using. 

so showing reviews and writing reviews has different mechanism kinda. obviously but whateva.

not groundbreaking concepts in this video. so alright.


We need "VALIDATION" of reviews being Genuine. like can't pass empty string or empty ratings.


### 6 - Validation
using client from Form
for server using Joi

### 7 - Rendering Reviews
to show reviews that has been reviewd.
we using .populate method. 

// i need to learn postgresql that's why me quick scanning and not doing each and every things, rather EACH AND EVERY THING IS NOT IMPORTANT. cause that's how you lose cause UNIVERSE has INFINITE THINGS TO CARE ABOUT but we focus on Important ones. 
// i m just here to understand or see any new fundamental concepts like Validating things in Code itself than manually checking and letting it break in production.

### 8 - Styling
who cares

### 9 - Deleting Button. 
mongo $pull operators - it is said that it removes array of instances. just like $in operator.

delete should point to:
/listings/:id/reviews/:reviewId
not only id and completely eradicating humanity.

no new unknown concepts.

### 10 - Handling Delete Listings
what did we learned when customer id itself is removed then whole order needs to be deleted with him.
how.
by using 
.pre
.post 
methods for database that will go  
and do 
$in stuff and delete each and every other reviews that's in the list and 'include' keyword also have array in front. i know.


