now it's juicy and important and new concepts will flow from 49-53 so let's get fully focused cause shit is about to get real.

Ok Brother i thought i would complete all of this as soon as possible but too much juicy content and I ME MYSELF am not able to handle all the juices flowing through that ...... yeah nothing.

### 1 - what is state
what is session first, 
1 single interaction between client and server is 1 session. Eg: ftp. 
protocal is rules that is followed by the client and server to communicate with each other.

Stateful Protocols:
requires server to save state and session information
state can mean different thing, for payment if it's complete, or ongoing or not. for ecommerce, it's related to cart and stuff.
it's like paying money through online banking apps

Stateless Protocols:
doesn't require server to retain information, eg: https, restful api, graphql, etc.
it's like paying cash directly to friend.

### 2 - Express Session (temp data saved in browser)
it makes every session in expreee Stateful. 
states/information can be anything, in amazon we can fill cart without logging in.


bydefault http ma information isn't saved, it's stateless. 
Every users session is unique and can be saved on server but we can't save in server cause too many users and Unnecessary to save all of them.
but if they get to payment step, data will be saved cause it's valueable and future ma we might need. 
So, 
we save session of each tab in browser as a cookie. so aru tab ma also it will be saved.
that is the reason, another tab knows user is logges in, what's saved in cart. 

code is in DB Stuff/ Cookies
it was supposed to give me session id of current tab. but it didn't for some reaons. 
i used cookie-parse, not express-session.
i was supposed to use express-session.

### 3 - what does session actually do.
session id is same cause server detects it's same Browser so even if multiple tab, same session id.

we used /count path and used
req.session.count
to count number of times user refreshed the website, idk if it stills saves when we close browser. 
it refreshes with every browser refresh but not when tab are closed. session in cookies are still saved. 

we don't store session in Browser Memory in PRODUCTION. 
WE CANT, we use connect-mongo, a mongo based session store.
or use better-sqlite3-session-store. lol this is the name.
REDIS TOOO. HELLL YEAH. i though it was just to cache mainly but i think it's used to store session in production too. i just forgot. my bad.
