I will pull first then add new changes from home computer cause i don't think this remote repo is up to date. 

### 1 - Authentication vs Authorization
whenever user needs to login and sign up, this concept comes to play.
like 'listing' or 'review' model, we will have user model that will have multiple functions now. 

Authentication: Process of VERIFYING who someone is. like password or facescan on different app to authorize owner of the device is doing things. 

Authorization: After Login, Process of verifying What LEVEL OF ACCESS user has for files, data, applications. only we can change our post from our profile. 


### 2 - Storing Passwords
Concepts and Things about Storing pass.
email, username, pass is necessary.

password can't be stored as normal text. but as HASH Form (Ideally 1 way function).
if one app password is hacked then user usually use similar/same pass so saving password is really necessary.


### 3 - What is Hashing.
one way function, we can't get input from output.
different input, diffeernt output of SAME LENGTH.
small change in input -> LARGE CHANGE in Output. 
eg of 1 way func is : .abs(-5) = 5, we can't ever know by seeing output if input was 5 or -5.
or 3%3 = 0 or 9%3=0 so knowing 0 can't help us find input. 
SHA256(not so good, cause fast algorithm and easy for bruteforce), 
MD5, bycrypt

### 4 - Salting
we add more string to make it more secure. OHH server adding string of it's own added with user password.
LOL.
SALTING. NICE TACTICS. Damn.

even if bruteforce done, normal password hudaina cause salt is complex. 
Salting to Counter rather make BruteForce Hard. 

nodejs already has a package that uses salting stuff or other things too. 
package name is called 'passport'

### 5 - Passport Library
npm i password
npm i passport-local
npm i passport-local-mongoose

so many other options like jwt, or instagram, linked in stuff idk, but it seems we need to install all three libraries from above. 


i wasn't going to use this package but it seems typescript also uses same packages as javascript so this is important. 


### 6 - User Model
user: username, password, email.

we created model/user.js

### 7 - Using Strategies we learned
we made changes in app.js 

it is said that we need to use SESSION STUFF but we didn't do things from 49.md and session is implemented more on another folder. 
app.use(session({sessionOptions}));
app.use(flash());

new codes:
app.use(passport.initialize()); // middleware that initializes
app.use(passport.session()); 
// web app needs ability to identify users as they browse from page to page, this series of requests and responses and each associated with the same user, is known as session.

passport.use(new LocalStrategy(User.authenticate()));

When time comes i can master all these things in separate folder, then implement into main app. 
for now knowing is enough. 
we don't need to implement whole logic, we just need to learn PACKAGE, that's it bro.


serializeUser()
deserializeUser()

some concept regarding this.


### 8 - Demo User
let's add demo user.
i m not adding it but code is:

app.get("/createdemo", async(req, res) =>{
    let user = {
        email: "herhonda@gumba.com",
        username: "GreekGod69"
    };
    let registeredUser = await user.register(user, "passworditself");
    res.send(registeredUser);
});

Legends say that we don't even need to connect to mongoose rather just user.register does all the work saving hash itself or something after adding salt. 

### 9 - Signup Form creating stuff.
using get reuqest and doing stuff.


### 10 - Signup form bate Post Method

### 11 - Login User


This Day Series is mostly all about 'passport' package. 
THATS IT.
