Hell yeah. 


### 1 - Introduction of Middleware
Middleware are just function that works after request and before sending response. 
it's work of function between request & response. 
like method-override that changes request of post to put/delete and response is send for those. 
or express.static, express.urlencoded, etc.
middleware can be chained, one after another.
middleware can send response itself if conditions are met so no more chaining.

### 2 - how to create own middle ware (app.use)
executes code.
make changes to request and response objects
end req-response cycle.
call the next middleware stack.

app.use((req, res, next) => {
    console.log("hello i am middleware"); // this will keep loop running to wait since no res.send but we have next(); so no loop.
    next();
})
this middleware will execute for every route cause there is no path given. 

middleware needs to do 2 things, either give response or execute next middleware.
if both things missing then website will loop and wait.

### 3 - next parameter in middleware after req,res
i have in above example.
Just even knowing what middleware is such a great learning.
application level middleware, router level, and error handling middleware, built-in middleware, third party...
so what is this 'next' parameter?
it's just 'continue' keyword for middleware. it let's middleware continue to next middleware without need to specify or pass names. 

### 4 - creating utility middleware
we just console.log req.methods and time of request. that's logging.
we always need this middleware before any route handler, cause once response is send middleware isn't executed.

### 5 - understanding app.use()
it works as callback. 
haaaahhh.. bruh. i know this but didn't actually knew i know this.
app.use(path, callbackFunction) she only gave example where there was nothing in path so default is "/" as root path for all.
and function automatically goes as value for callbackFunction so... nothing crazy bro.

one use of middleware is: when user is trying to access any route, we can check if user is authenticated or not. if not then we can send response with login page.

### 6 - Api token as query string.
creating a middleware for an api that checks if access token was passed in query string or not. 
it's like unique token for each user or somethign idk. but it can be intercepted so i really dont know about this method.
maybe for practicing basics.

1. Send a response and terminate the cycle (e.g., res.send(), res.json(), res.render
2. (), res.redirect()). When you do this, do not call next() afterwards.
Call next() to pass control to the next middleware or route handler in the chain, without sending a response itself.


### 7 - Multiple Middleware
LEGENDS SAY: app.get can execute middleware itself like a Chad.
actually middleware is supposed to be passed on app.get or app.post or any other method.


### 8 - Error Handling using Middleware
Express default error handling. like third party services not working liek google maps if it changes policy and no service or database server down stuff or redis server down, etc

doing.
app.get("/eror", (req, res, next) =>{
    acb = abc; // acb is not defined, then it will show stack trace of how error was caused. 
    // in first line we can see "lineno : characterNo" where error was caused.

})

but actual erro handler is:
throw new Error("Access Denied");
