### 1 - Error Handling Middleware.
app.use((err, req, res, next) =>{
    // this will handle error in every route, if any route has any error this will be called.
    console.log(err);
    next(err); // this will pass the error to the next error handling middleware. that's default error handler of express itself showing error in page itself. 
    // it shows we handled enough error if other middleware can handle it more you are welcome.

})
// this is custom error handler middleware


app.use((err, req, res, next) =>{
    
    console.log("Second Middleware"); // this will be printed before default error handler middleware.
    
    next(); // if there is no err inside then we move to next non-error handling middleware but when we have err then error handingling middleware will be passed to.
})


### 2 - custom error handler middleware
we send limited info or simple error to client side and don't want too complex things showing.
we created new file of error handlers.

### 2 - Custom WrapAsync
Syntax Type,Code Example,What it returns
Implicit (Concise),"const add = (a, b) => a + b;",The sum of a + b
Block (Multi-line),"const add = (a, b) => { const sum = a + b; }",undefined (Missing return)
Block (Corrected),"const add = (a, b) => { const sum = a + b; return sum; }",The sum of a + b

Arrow Function ma, if we have only one calculation it will return that without return keyword.
i thought arrow function only have one function of difference of 'this' with traditional function.


### 3 - default messages stuff
nothing more than showing error in good way.

### 4 - admin route ma error handling middleware
just adding path to app.use("/admin", adminErrorHandler);


### 5 - Handling Async Errors
first, went to major projects, then changed database name and used init db to initialize and create and fill db. 

IN ASYNC FUNCTION,
using throw errow will CRASH WHOLE APP.
so, next(throw Error("Async Error"));
this is how thigns works.
we can't just throw error in async function, we have to pass it to next.


idk bro when she used:
if(!chat){
    next(throw new ExpressError(404, "Chat not found"));
}
this one executed for chat not found but app still crashed when url id length too large and database error wasn't handled
so try and catch use garne?

from mongoose, when we use findbyId and no value found then it doesn't give error, it gives wrong value in variable. 


### 6 - How to actually handle Async Errors without Crashing whole app.
when we send nothing in INPUTS and just clicked send Button, Crash Happened and we got error in console.
validation error happened which means, we had describes that title {type: String, required: true} so it couldn't validate that there was anything. 

WE DO "TRY AND CATCH". Yes as i thought.
we do try and catch for every ASYNC FUNCTION.

### 7 - ELEGANCY
try and catch is really too much BULKY for every ASYNC FUNCTION.
so, we created a function called asyncWrapper which will wrap every async function.

function asyncWrapper(fn){
    return async (req, res, next) =>{ // we don't need to put async here if function already have async keyword.
        try{
            await fn(req, res, next);
        }catch(err){
            next(err);
        }
    }
}

or 
return function(req, res, next){
    fn(req, res, next).catch(err => next(err));
}


i m not coding this just knowing it. that's all.

example Code:

function asyncWrap(fn){
    return function(req, res, next){
        fn(req, res, next).catch(err => next(err));
    }
}

app.use("/", asyncWrap( async (req, res, next) =>{
    await Chat.findByIdAndUpdate(req.params.id, req.body);
    res.sendStatus(200);
})
);

since async returns a function that will go as callback so it's kinda same but with catcher that helps server not crash.

### 8 - Mongoose Errors
it was all about, handling mongoose error with name and if statements like validation error so then we have another function that will perform some stuff if this occurs then it will return that error and it will be handled like next(err);

normal stuff, no new concept. 
